PROCESSING FILE: review1.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
This was an amazing restaurant The pizza crust was delicious and I loved the 
pasta The atmosphere was wonderful and enchanting 

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 7.95


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE NEGATIVE:
             amazing                1.26                lack               -1.97
           delicious                 2.2            changing               -1.33
               loved                1.21            peculiar               -1.72
           wonderful                2.76            injuries                -1.6
TOTALS:                             7.43                                    -6.62


FORMATTED REVIEW (More Negative): 
This was an lack restaurant The pizza crust was changing and I peculiar the 
pasta The atmosphere was injuries and enchanting 

UPDATED SENTIMENT: -6.10


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE:


REVIEW NOT UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE. THE SENTIMENT REMAINS: 7.95


PROCESSING FILE: review2.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
An interesting local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul and 
bovine inclined Reservations for diner are a must particularly on Friday and 
Saturday or any day a popular show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre Two 
appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back 91 with tip 
Fairly reasonable We sat at a lovely set uncomplicated table with a beautiful 
view of the Navesink river and its boat traffic The service was polite amiable 
and generally proficient about seeing to our needs On this day I opened with the 
caprese salad which was very nicely done The pesto was a tasty accent not over 
powering The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes glorious They flavors 
coming together very nicely My wife had an oyster dish that Im having a senior 
moment trying to pull the name from memory however its sauce was delicious Im 
not a big oyster fan I kept my entree simple fish and chips The fish was a nice 
thick piece of cod not some cod replacement and fried to perfection The fries 
were fries  My wife had the lobster roll which she gave high marks Overall a 
good place to dine before a show or after a late afternoon early evening walk 
about Its not child adverse and a few dotted the tables while we were there but 
at dinner at least it runs toward an adult crowd The parking can be difficult on 
popular show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot is just across the 
street and you dont have to pay after 6pm Its a thumbs up here 

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 30.75


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE NEGATIVE:
         interesting                1.61             smelled               -2.44
             popular                1.05        unmistakable               -1.51
          reasonable                1.30              filthy               -2.01
           beautiful                2.73              severe               -1.51
              polite                1.91               giant               -1.33
               tasty                2.52             protest               -1.72
              accent                1.73             nervous               -1.69
            glorious                1.65       circumstances               -2.59
            together                2.09              stroke               -1.44
                wife                1.23        impoverished               -1.79
           delicious                2.20            admitted               -2.27
                nice                2.09             improve               -1.68
                wife                1.23              angels               -1.50
             Overall                1.18              dragon               -2.51
             popular                1.05            starving               -1.43
TOTALS:                            25.57                                   -27.42


FORMATTED REVIEW (More Negative): 
An smelled local place with river views and good food in the moderate price 
range It leans heavily toward sea food but there are menu items for the foul and 
bovine inclined Reservations for diner are a must particularly on Friday and 
Saturday or any day a unmistakable show is appearing at the Count Basie Theatre 
Two appetizers and two entrees with nonalcoholic drinks set us back 91 with tip 
Fairly filthy We sat at a lovely set uncomplicated table with a severe view of 
the Navesink river and its boat traffic The service was giant amiable and 
generally proficient about seeing to our needs On this day I opened with the 
caprese salad which was very nicely done The pesto was a protest nervous not 
over powering The wet mozzarella perfect and heirloom tomatoes circumstances 
They flavors coming stroke very nicely My impoverished had an oyster dish that 
Im having a senior moment trying to pull the name from memory however its sauce 
was admitted Im not a big oyster fan I kept my entree simple fish and chips The 
fish was a improve thick piece of cod not some cod replacement and fried to 
perfection The fries were fries  My angels had the lobster roll which she gave 
high marks dragon a good place to dine before a show or after a late afternoon 
early evening walk about Its not child adverse and a few dotted the tables while 
we were there but at dinner at least it runs toward an adult crowd The parking 
can be difficult on starving show nights or Friday evening but the municipal lot 
is just across the street and you dont have to pay after 6pm Its a thumbs up 
here 

UPDATED SENTIMENT: -23.08


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE:


                foul               -2.84            sculpted                1.29
              drinks               -1.34             smiling                1.70
                 big               -1.22             relaxed                1.85
             adverse               -1.05           welcoming                2.41
REVIEW NOT UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE. THE SENTIMENT REMAINS: 30.75


PROCESSING FILE: review3.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
Jennifer is very nice and responsive The location of the apt is great However  
the bed was small and smelled bad The apt also smelled weird We had to sleep on 
a mattress on the floor  the building is very old  the apt is not clean and due 
to construction it was very noisy However We do appreciate the stay and the 
location 

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: -2.46


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE NEGATIVE:
                nice                2.09             injured               -1.84
          responsive                1.03       irresponsible               -1.70
               great                1.48             unlucky               -2.58
          appreciate                1.48        catastrophic               -2.42
TOTALS:                             6.08                                    -8.54


FORMATTED REVIEW (More Negative): 
Jennifer is very injured and irresponsible The location of the apt is unlucky 
However  the bed was small and smelled bad The apt also smelled weird We had to 
sleep on a mattress on the floor  the building is very old  the apt is not clean 
and due to construction it was very noisy However We do catastrophic the stay 
and the location 

UPDATED SENTIMENT: -17.08


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE:


             smelled               -2.44               proud                1.39
             smelled               -2.44               trust                1.76
               weird               -1.32                sure                1.41
               clean               -1.06               ideal                2.22
               noisy               -1.32            gorgeous                2.68
REVIEW NOT UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE. THE SENTIMENT REMAINS: -2.46


PROCESSING FILE: review4.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
Garon is undoubtedly the most welcoming and nice host ever You feel at home 
right away he is exciting and passionate discussions are super interesting and 
he is extremely friendly A stay at his place is a good mood cure I highly 
recommend It was so nice staying at Garons For the first glance it didnt look 
very fancy or something but this place is gorgeous from inside out Its pretty 
easy to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to A 
train which goes directly to JFK airport Garon is a very kind person very 
openminded and friendly We also have a lot in common in area of culture Ill 
recommend this place to everyone who is openminded and want to feel how people 
live there in NYC Neighborhood looked safe Despite it was one of the coldest 
weeks for last year in town but heating worked well and the room was warm I had 
the most beautiful stay Garon is a very special person and an absolute angel 
made me feel totally at home in a highly peaceful and relaxed environment I 
throughly recommend Bliss Art Space 

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 25.32


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE NEGATIVE:
           welcoming                2.41             nervous               -1.69
                nice                2.09             housing               -2.58
               right                1.35          frightened               -2.15
         interesting                1.61           terrorism               -1.44
            friendly                1.94           suspected               -1.26
                nice                2.09               bunch               -1.52
            gorgeous                2.68           demanding               -2.09
              pretty                1.32              stayed               -2.24
                easy                1.97               eerie               -1.36
            friendly                1.94           trembling               -1.39
                safe                2.08               upset               -2.30
                well                1.50            starving               -1.43
                warm                1.46              grainy               -1.54
           beautiful                2.73                sick               -2.53
            peaceful                2.22             wounded               -1.68
             relaxed                1.85               giant               -1.33
TOTALS:                            31.24                                   -28.53


FORMATTED REVIEW (More Negative): 
Garon is undoubtedly the most nervous and housing host ever You feel at home 
frightened away he is exciting and passionate discussions are super terrorism 
and he is extremely suspected A stay at his place is a good mood cure I highly 
recommend It was so bunch staying at Garons For the first glance it didnt look 
very fancy or something but this place is demanding from inside out Its stayed 
eerie to get to subway G train or if you walk a little more you can get to A 
train which goes directly to JFK airport Garon is a very kind person very 
openminded and trembling We also have a lot in common in area of culture Ill 
recommend this place to everyone who is openminded and want to feel how people 
live there in NYC Neighborhood looked upset Despite it was one of the coldest 
weeks for last year in town but heating worked starving and the room was grainy 
I had the most sick stay Garon is a very special person and an absolute angel 
made me feel totally at home in a highly wounded and giant environment I 
throughly recommend Bliss Art Space 

UPDATED SENTIMENT: -34.45


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE:


                feel               -1.07             wedding                2.39
                 Ill               -1.04           exquisite                2.48
                feel               -1.07           boyfriend                1.34
            absolute               -1.51            fragrant                1.86
                feel               -1.07            ceremony                1.69
REVIEW NOT UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE. THE SENTIMENT REMAINS: 25.32


PROCESSING FILE: review6.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
For my stay the apartment was also not ideal there is no couch only cushions on 
the floor and there is no real table and chairs I had to work from home 
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere The place was clean in general 
only the bathroom and the shower were really not okay Especially the shower 
curtain was mildewed The kitchen was clean and well equipped Apartment has an AC 
which is definitely a pro 

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 2.25


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE NEGATIVE:
               ideal                2.22                 sad               -1.37
                okay                1.05              deadly               -2.26
                well                1.50             accused               -1.50
TOTALS:                             4.77                                    -5.13


FORMATTED REVIEW (More Negative): 
For my stay the apartment was also not sad there is no couch only cushions on 
the floor and there is no real table and chairs I had to work from home 
sometimes and could not really do it anywhere The place was clean in general 
only the bathroom and the shower were really not deadly Especially the shower 
curtain was mildewed The kitchen was clean and accused equipped Apartment has an 
AC which is definitely a pro 

UPDATED SENTIMENT: -7.65


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE:


           sometimes               -1.10            cheerful                2.19
               clean               -1.06                grey                1.48
               clean               -1.06              scenic                1.37
REVIEW NOT UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE. THE SENTIMENT REMAINS: 2.25


PROCESSING FILE: review7.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
The Midtown Castle is a beautiful place to stay in the center of the city Truly 
a sanctuary with everything you need Little touches of nature and beauty 
throughout Waking up with the sun from the skylight was amazing This apartment 
is convenient and functional The huge skylight makes it feel open and airy And 
it is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan Highly recommended Great 
place Would definitely recommend Jennifer is really sweet and easy going 
Beautiful and stylish spot in a very unique building Jennifer is a wonderful 
host and was kind enough to meet us for out latenight checkin We loved the 
apartment Jennifers space was such a lovely experience PreCheckin and checkin 
was detailed and seamless she made it easier on us and answered all questions so 
quickly The space itself is such a unique clear  zen energy we loved it Not to 
mention it was very clean  close to everything Definitely be prepared for the 
4flight workout we appreciated that We enjoyed the space and location  would 
recommend this to anyone coming to explore the city Jennifer was super friendly 
and helpful Great host with an amazing studio apartment right in the middle of 
NYC Everything is walking distance The Empire State Building Times Square and 
New York library were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk Best 
location ever and great relaxing place to stay 

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 37.79


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE NEGATIVE:
           beautiful                2.73             enemies               -1.71
              beauty                2.45              feared               -1.62
             amazing                1.26              feared               -1.62
          convenient                1.79             shocked               -1.52
                airy                1.69             changed               -1.26
               Great                1.48                hurt               -2.02
               sweet                1.47         devastating               -1.87
                easy                1.97              blacks               -2.55
           Beautiful                2.73            agitated               -1.65
             stylish                1.39             cunning               -1.29
           wonderful                2.76             shocked               -1.52
               loved                1.21                harm               -1.68
               loved                1.21               naive               -1.72
             enjoyed                1.22               weary               -1.74
            friendly                1.94            mindless               -2.56
             helpful                1.71              beings               -2.29
               Great                1.48             guessed               -2.14
             amazing                1.26            disabled               -1.60
               right                1.35          punishment               -2.10
                Best                1.40           nightmare               -3.02
               great                1.48               giant               -1.33
TOTALS:                            35.98                                   -38.81


FORMATTED REVIEW (More Negative): 
The Midtown Castle is a enemies place to stay in the center of the city Truly a 
sanctuary with everything you need Little touches of nature and feared 
throughout Waking up with the sun from the skylight was feared This apartment is 
shocked and functional The huge skylight makes it feel open and changed And it 
is located smack dab in the middle of Manhattan Highly recommended hurt place 
Would definitely recommend Jennifer is really devastating and blacks going 
agitated and cunning spot in a very unique building Jennifer is a shocked host 
and was kind enough to meet us for out latenight checkin We harm the apartment 
Jennifers space was such a lovely experience PreCheckin and checkin was detailed 
and seamless she made it easier on us and answered all questions so quickly The 
space itself is such a unique clear  zen energy we naive it Not to mention it 
was very clean  close to everything Definitely be prepared for the 4flight 
workout we appreciated that We weary the space and location  would recommend 
this to anyone coming to explore the city Jennifer was super mindless and beings 
guessed host with an disabled studio apartment punishment in the middle of NYC 
Everything is walking distance The Empire State Building Times Square and New 
York library were all around the corner or less than 15 minutes walk nightmare 
location ever and giant relaxing place to stay 

UPDATED SENTIMENT: -36.46


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE:


                feel               -1.07            romantic                2.70
               clean               -1.06           versatile                1.84
REVIEW NOT UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE. THE SENTIMENT REMAINS: 37.79


PROCESSING FILE: review8.txt

FORMATTED REVIEW: 
Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer the host of Midtown Castle We 
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month April 2012 
and will remember this time as ours best The apartment is pretty spacious and 
great located  the 5th Ave right around the corner There is everything you can 
need during your short or long stay Jennifer is very friendly vigorous and very 
responsible host Thanks her and highly recomend this apartment for everyone who 
are looking for a quiet place right in the center of the boiling Midtown We had 
a wonderful stay at Jennifers charming apartment They were very organized and 
helpful I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown Castle 

ORIGINAL SENTIMENT: 26.47


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE NEGATIVE:
                best                1.40            suffered               -2.27
              pretty                1.32         devastating               -1.87
            spacious                1.07              flawed               -1.56
               great                1.48           concerned               -1.95
               right                1.35             unlucky               -2.58
               short                1.05              damage               -1.82
            friendly                1.94              beings               -2.29
              Thanks                1.38              lately               -1.41
               quiet                1.34              clumsy               -1.32
               right                1.35            startled               -1.62
           wonderful                2.76             housing               -2.58
            charming                2.53               tiger               -1.55
             helpful                1.71           invisible               -1.65
TOTALS:                            20.68                                   -24.47


FORMATTED REVIEW (More Negative): 
Would say our greatest compliments to Jennifer the host of Midtown Castle We 
spent in this lovely apartment in the heart of Manhattan one month April 2012 
and will remember this time as ours suffered The apartment is devastating flawed 
and concerned located  the 5th Ave unlucky around the corner There is everything 
you can need during your damage or long stay Jennifer is very beings vigorous 
and very responsible host lately her and highly recomend this apartment for 
everyone who are looking for a clumsy place startled in the center of the 
boiling Midtown We had a housing stay at Jennifers tiger apartment They were 
very organized and invisible I would definitely recommend staying at the Midtown 
Castle 

UPDATED SENTIMENT: -18.68


WORDS UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE:


REVIEW NOT UPDATED TO BE MORE POSITIVE. THE SENTIMENT REMAINS: 26.47


